#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.12.0
    # via grader-service
anyio==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
comm==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
cryptography==41.0.4
    # via grader-service
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
google-auth==2.23.0
    # via kubernetes
grader-convert==0.2.2
    # via grader-service
grader-labextension==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
grader-service==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.15.0
    # via ipykernel
isodate==0.6.1
    # via grader-service
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.14
    # via
    #   grader-service
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.1
    # via
    #   grader-convert
    #   grader-service
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via
    #   grader-convert
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   grader-convert
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.3
    # via
    #   grader-labextension
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
kubernetes==28.1.0
    # via grader-service
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via
    #   grader-convert
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   grader-convert
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
psycopg2-binary==2.9.7
    # via grader-service
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via grader-service
pytest==7.4.2
    # via grader-convert
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   grader-convert
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kubernetes
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   kubernetes
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via kubernetes
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   grader-service
    #   isodate
    #   kubernetes
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.46
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   grader-convert
    #   grader-service
    #   tornado-sqlalchemy
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   grader-convert
    #   grader-service
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
    #   tornado-sqlalchemy
tornado-sqlalchemy==0.7.0
    # via grader-service
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   grader-convert
    #   grader-service
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   async-lru
    #   grader-service
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   grader-service
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   kubernetes
wheel==0.41.2
    # via
    #   grader-convert
    #   grader-service

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
